Fix status page if cluster is disabled or sharding is enabled (#4184)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

## master / unreleased

> * [BUGFIX] Alertmanager: fix status page if cluster is disabled or sharding is enabled. #4184

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Alertmanager: fix multitenant status page if clustering via gossip is disabled or sharding is enabled. #4184
```

> * [BUGFIX] Alertmanager: fix multitenant status page if clustering via gossip is disabled or sharding is enabled. #4184

Reviewer 2: [nit] Please move this CHANGELOG entry below, along with the group of `[BUGFIX]` entries. We keep them grouped together by type.

> * [BUGFIX] Alertmanager: fix multitenant status page if clustering via gossip is disabled or sharding is enabled. #4184

Reviewer 2: [nit]

```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Alertmanager: fix Alertmanager status page if clustering via gossip is disabled or sharding is enabled. #4184
```
